Update documentation (#3)
swiftwasm/swiftwasm-book: src/contribution-guide/cache.md

# Cache

> Compilation time of LLVM project is very long, so we recommend to cache the artifact using `sccache`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compilation time of LLVM and the Swift toolchain is very long, so we recommend to cache the artifacts using `sccache`. [The "Getting started" guide](https://github.com/apple/swift/blob/main/docs/HowToGuides/GettingStarted.md#the-roles-of-different-tools) from the upstream toolchain provides more details about the use of `sccache`.
```
